# MesaBox

Realism vs gameplay convenience... that is the main objective of "Half-Reality: Black Mesa Roleplay" (MesaBox) so to speak. 

While the video form of Half-Reality is focused on balancing realism against cinematics, this medium is focused on balancing casual gameplay in conjunction with realistic roleplay elements. Hopefully, this allows players of all preferred playstyles to interact with each other without all of the contention and problems that have historically been observed in traditional roleplaying servers that have either hard-set or nearly unenforced rules.

My aim is to have the least amount of server rules possible, and reasonably allow players to do whatever they want. In order to facilitate this, and not have the game mode immediately descend into chaos, I hope to implement plenty of positive and negative reinforcement in order to reasonably allow players to self-govern.
One of the ways I hope to facilitate that is by displaying the mode that player is in above their heads, so its more obvious to other players. Hopefully this will allow players more context about a player or situation, helping them make decisions that are relevant. Might also make for some interesting social dynamics... for instance, deciding to be racist and commit a holocaust of all casual players ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). Normally such a situation would be unlikely, as Security would probably usually be persuaded to do their job and keep people safe, but if you include creative social dynamics, bribery and blackmailing, its totally possible to convince many people to take part in whatever cult, religion or ideology you want.
